Rename Application to Fleet (#37)
balena-io/balena-cli-masterclass: README.md

## Introduction

The balena Command Line Interface (balena CLI) utility consists of a number

> of commands that allow a user to develop, deploy and manage balena fleets, as
> well as manage device configurations (including environment variables) and 
> balenaOS images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of commands that allow a user to develop, deploy and manage balena fleets, as
well as manage configuration & variables of the fleet and balenaOS images.
```

This forces the `deploy` command to first build (or rebuild if the image already
exists) the project before pushing it to the Docker registries.

### 6. Using Local Mode to Develop Apps

So far, you've seen how to push code to the balena builders or to build and
push images on a development machine. Whilst practical solutions for pre-tested
code, or for a CI pipeline, this is not a fast workflow for active development
of an app by an engineer as it involves rebuilding an image and then
delivering it to the target device.

To make active development of app easier for an engineer, balena
devices provisioned with a development image include a device mechanism called
'Local Mode'. This can be activated easily from the dashboard. Go to your
device's dashboard page, select 'Actions' from the lefthand toolbar, and then
select 'Enable local mode'. Local mode does a couple of important things:

> * Stops running the services currently associated with it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stops running the services currently associated with the device
```

commands, as well as how to start development using it. You should now be
familiar and confident enough to:

> * Create Fleets for specific device types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create fleets for specific device types
```

* Provision devices as well as SSH into balenaOS and any running service
	container

> * Push code to Fleets, either via `balena push` or `git push`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Push a release to fleets, either via `balena push` or `git push`
```
